TERMS OF SERVICE LAST MODIFIED: 2021-07-21

Tumblr is a U.S. company and subject to U.S. laws and jurisdiction. The original version of these Terms of Service (and any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) are written in English. To the extent any translated version of these Terms of Service (or any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN LIMITATIONS OF TUMBLR'S LIABILITY IN SECTION 15.


Hello! Welcome to Tumblr’s Terms of Service. Please read this carefully before using our site, services, or products. This is a contract between you and Tumblr. We've also included several annotations that aren't a part of the contract itself, but are intended to emphasize key sections and help you follow the text. We've tried to be fair and straightforward. Please feel free to contact us (https://www.tumblr.com/support) if you have any questions or suggestions!


1. ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF SERVICE

Please read these Terms of Service and our Community Guidelines (https://www.tumblr.com/policy/community) (collectively, the "Agreement") carefully before using tumblr.com (the "Site") and/or the other domains, websites, products, applications, mobile applications, services, and/or Content provided by Tumblr, Inc. (all of those collectively with the Site, the "Services") (Tumblr, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Automattic Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Automattic"), collectively with its agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors, "Tumblr," "we," or "us"). By using or accessing the Services, you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you don't agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn't, and aren't permitted to, use the Services. Tumblr’s personalized Services cannot be provided and the terms of this Agreement cannot be performed without Tumblr processing information about you and other users. Processing of the information you share with Tumblr is essential to the personalized Services which we provide and which you expect, including personalized Content (as described below) and ads, and is a necessary part of our performance of the agreement we have with you.

We’re just letting you know, here, that Tumblr is now part of Automattic (https://automattic.com/), a technology company that empowers people to build beautiful websites, tell their stories, and find and grow their audience and these Terms of Service (https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/terms-of-service), which apply to your use of Tumblr, have been updated to reflect this change. This section also includes an agreement where you're agreeing to agree to the terms of this Agreement.
